libmicrokit: add API for resuming x86 VCPU (#431)
seL4/microkit: docs/manual.md

kind of fault, please see the 'Faults' section of the
[seL4 reference manual](https://sel4.systems/Info/Docs/seL4-manual-latest.pdf).

> For x86 VCPU faults, please see the 'Virtualisation' section of the [seL4 reference manual](https://sel4.systems/Info/Docs/seL4-manual-latest.pdf).

Reviewer: The seL4 manual doesn't mention any x86 VCPU faults.

Write the registers of a given virtual CPU with ID `vcpu`. The `regs` argument is the pointer to
the struct of registers `seL4_VCPUContext` that are written from.

## `void microkit_vcpu_x86_on(void)`

> Allow the PD to switch to guest execution mode with the bound vCPU every time `init()`, `notified()` or `fault()` return.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Start running the vCPU bound to this PD.

The vCPU runs after every return from a Microkit entrypoint; it does not run concurrently with the native thread.
```

Thoughts?

(and similar for vcpu off).

I don't think we need to discuss implementation details in the documentation, only what it means.

Author: I think we should keep the old version since it is the exact behaviour, whereas the new version can implies that you lose control once you call `microkit_vcpu_x86_on()` which is not the case.

Reviewer 2: But I state that?

This assumes one knows how the handler loop work, I don't think itm akes sense to rephrase that.

Author: Oh whoops that's right sorry I did not read the second sentence...

The caller is responsible for initialising the VCPU's instruction pointer, Primary Processor-Based VM-Execution Controls,

> VM-Entry Interruption-Information Field and other architectural states to the corresponding VMCS fields via

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
VM-Entry Interruption-Information Field, and other architectural states to the corresponding VMCS fields via
```

This sentence doesn't really make sense. "responsible for initialising the other architectural states to the corresponding VMCS fields".

Why not just say "The caller should initialise the VMCS fields per (the SDM/seL4))". Do they all initialise to zero by default? If so, should mention that.

Write the registers of a given virtual CPU with ID `vcpu`. The `regs` argument is the pointer to
the struct of registers `seL4_VCPUContext` that are written from.

## `void microkit_vcpu_x86_on(void)`

> Allow the PD to switch to guest execution mode with the bound vCPU every time `init()` or `notified()` return.

Reviewer: But the main path seems to be the `fault` handler, not those other ones. You should probably mention that here, as it's not obvious. I think it would be clearer to have a special callback for x86 vmexit returns, instead of using the fault one.

Author: Oops yes that slipped my mind.

The caller is responsible for initialising the VCPU's instruction pointer, Primary Processor-Based VM-Execution Controls
and VM-Entry Interruption-Information Field to the corresponding VMCS fields. For more details,

> please see the 'Virtualisation' section of the [seL4 reference manual](https://sel4.systems/Info/Docs/seL4-manual-latest.pdf).

Reviewer: yes, but say how, as it's not obvious you are intercepting the vmcs read/write functions.

* `id`: Channel identifier in the context of the named protection domain. Must be at least 0 and less than 63.
* `pp`: (optional) Indicates that the protection domain for this end can perform a protected procedure call to the other end; defaults to false.
        Protected procedure calls can only be to PDs of strictly higher priority.

>         On x86-64, PDs with virtual machines cannot receive protected procedure calls.

Reviewer: Probably worth mentioning somewhere that there is a limit of one VCPU per PD for x86.
